{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Goddammit, I need those files!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry Mr. Plutoro, those files are in storage. it would take at least a week to get the paperwork together.\u8221\'94 Or really, 5 minutes, but this is a business.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuckity fuck. Fuckity fuck you Hank!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 click}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mr. Plutoro is the seventh most important user that I have to deal with on a daily basis. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve had five others screaming at me already this morning. Why today? Actually because it\u8217\'92s any old work day and that\u8217\'92s how they go when you handle backup recovery. I run a clammy hand across the back of my neck. Few days from today I get to visit my awesome sister downtown. Been looking forward to it for weeks! A chance to get away from th fluorescent bleached offices that I keep in most of my waking hours.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My name is Hank Figgus, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m an IT \u8220\'93professional\u8221\'94 at the Higaru Tech Consortium. I backup files, restore files, calculate storage needed, write reports on storage. My boss will deal with Mr. Plutoro later, she\u8217\'92s pretty damn cool. Mrs. Susan Smith, the most average hot lady I\u8217\'92ve ever met. I think that\u8217\'92s why she\u8217\'92s so damn attractive to me. You\u8217\'92ll notice the \u8220\'93Mrs\u8221\'94 though, taken in real life. When I close my eyes though, she\u8217\'92s no longer a \u8220\'93Mrs\u8221\'94 but a \u8220\'93Ms\u8221\'94, distraught, needing comfort. A dame, my damsel in distress. A noir princess. The 40 or so minute commute into and from work are filled with our dangerous adventures, our lovers drama. Scenes from a non-existent life together. Susan, all gorgeous in her dress suits, bob haircuts and tiny diamond earing's.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m daydreaming about our fake life together when my phone buzzes, bring me back to the bleaching lights and strong hum of the office buzz.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <- Hey bubs, what time are you coming down here on Thursday?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Expertly, fingers breezing over the slick glass of my smart phone I reply.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -> Sis! About 6pm. That good?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <- Yeah, make sure to bring your computer stuff, we should talk about that software.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -> Was planning on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <- So\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85Missy Bosspants let you get into her Bosspants yet?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -> \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <- What\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s her number? I\u8217\'92ve got a picture for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -> Noooooooope.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <- <image_of_fat_naked_man_bathing_in_milk.jpg>}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 -> OMG. Why do you even have that?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 <- I was saving it for you duh. <3}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pouring by the time I get to my sisters apartment. Water dragging down my windshield under the gray streaked sky.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Polly is my sister, she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a treasure trove of sarcasm and teasing. A few years my senior she\u8217\'92s also taken care of me most of my life. Always ready with a shoulder or a \u64257\'3Fst. She\u8217\'92s also waiting for me when I pull up to her \u64258\'3Fat. Her roommates\u8217\'92 car isn\u8217\'92t in the usual spot though so I pull in expecting to get my stuff out.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey hey.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Little brother! Com here my snuggins.\u8221\'94 She\u8217\'92s already got me in a bear hug, squeezing me so hard I nearly drop my gloves in a puddle.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Squeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!\u8221\'94 she literally shouts into my ear.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah Polly!\u8221\'94 I pull away laughing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My favorite little dork! Couldn\u8217\'92t wait for you to get here!\u8221\'94 She\u8217\'92s a little too excited but I barely pick up on the vibe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m soaked, lets go inside jeez.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We lug in my suitcase and laptop bag under a small umbrella, barely avoiding the downpour.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get to sleep on the couch!\u8221\'94 I toss off the soaked coat and leap onto my favorite sister furniture. \u8220\'93In what world do couches get this comfortable?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93In the I got it for two-hundred dollars at Big Lots world.\u8221\'94 Polly grins and tosses a blanket my way. We spend most of the evening catching up about our jobs, love lives (well her love life). She\u8217\'92s been seeing a new guy the last few months; he works in automotive, hefting in the lines with his brothers. From the pictures she shows me he\u8217\'92s a seriously greasy dude, like shiny. She\u8217\'92s futzing around with a nerf pistol in the lounge chair while I\u8217\'92m sipping green tea out of a cracked Aladdin mug.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Does he shower?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93With me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93YOU asked me dork. He\u8217\'92s a swell dude, his whole family works in the shop. His Dad told him it\u8217\'92s his inheritance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did he inherit the grease?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She manages to hit me directly in the middle of my forehead with the nerf pellet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The night is pretty normal for us, she talks about her grimy Bo and I talk about my unrelenting crush on Susan. We go back and forth until very late then she lets me finally set in the warm cushions of the couch for some good sleep. Something about being here with Polly makes me very relaxed. At first I dream of the blinding lights at work, stress and tension billowing out from my desk underneath my arms. Susan peering down at me smiling wide. Fading slowly with the lovely beacon of her approval I see snowfalls at our parents cabin in the Eastern part of the state. Warm nights also, dug into our blankets safe from the howling winds.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next morning during breakfast I remember I never moved my car out from her roommates spot.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92d she go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh Mel, she goes. She comes back then she goes again. I don\u8217\'92t see much of other than the tail of her coat as she\u8217\'92s leaving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell, she\u8217\'92s the same girl I met last year right? Chirpy? Kinda stupid?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeap, blond with the trench-coats. She wears them all year \u8217\'92round.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So maybe she\u8217\'92s a secret \u64258\'3Fasher\u8230\'85hmmmm\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh that\u8217\'92s a thought.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 We continue on this line of conversation as we get ready for the museum. Jackets on when of course the phone rings. Polly answers it and nearly drops the phone.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mel is dead?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I think I actually inhaled some of those loose crumbs languishing on my desk while I was dozing the booze off. Little crackers invading the wide hairy crevice of my nose. Making their way up into my brain, ready to guide my decisions for the next few days. And they did.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yuck.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 During the slow hangover of the next day I try to remember the dames face. High cheek bones, thin torso under a ridiculous black trench. Soaking wet blond hair. Was it even raining that night? The words \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93cracker\u8221\'94, \u8220\'93trouble\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93blond\u8221\'94 swimming through my skull like some gold\u64257\'3Fsh. Cruising through my reality funk.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh shit! Eleven am and no donuts yet.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Walking home an hour later I check for the graffiti and notice it gone. Crime scene clear of debris and taped off. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve made worse decisions than go under that tape and poke around. Lots of garbage, broken handbag with \u8220\'93CAOCH\u8221\'94 printed on the side. Oooh! Is that a lobster? Under the rotting food I \u64257\'3Fnd what might pass for my liver, then under that a box with \u8220\'93trouble\u8221\'94 written in crayon over a saltine logo.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Frank over in narcotics should be able to ID the the prints I managed to get off the old cracker package. Had to slip him the usual fee under his door later that night, he was expecting it. Nice place Frank, I can smell the plastic covering your couch from the hallway.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I get back to the office and start doing some thinking. Well drinking. Some thinking in between the drinking. Mostly drinking with a side of thinking.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why am I involved in this? There\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gotta be a hundred other PI\u8217\'92s in the city. Police? I\u8217\'92m sure they\u8217\'92d have noticed the ink on her forehead\u8230\'85probably.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rotten box though, discarded in a hurry is my guess. Few receipts and an unclaimed prescription for a Methadone clinic. She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t seem shaky when she visited my office. Other papers pointed to other local joints, gonna do my version of a canvas tomorrow. Wait..what\u8217\'92s gotten into me? Am I hoping for buried treasure? Horny twin sister? One thing I\u8217\'92m sure I\u8217\'92ll \u64257\'3Fnd, written in black ink on the deceased dame, trouble with a capital T.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}