{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a weird night. The kind of night where the one remaining street light outside my of\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u64257\'3Fce puckered out like a dying star. The street dark as tar, lonely and empty like my sex life. Somehow she still found the door to my of\u64257\'3Fce. Tall blond, long dark trench-coat. The word \u8220\'93trouble\u8221\'94 written in dark ink on her forehead.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you Sam?\u8221\'94 she spoke, somewhat slowly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who else? Is my name still on the door?\u8221\'94 I replied, not enjoying the foreplay. I put my lit cigarette in the full ash tray.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need you\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she stops and coughs, bringing the dark brown handkerchief to her sultry lips then continues \u8220\'93you\u8230\'85I need your help. I\u8217\'92ve forgotten who I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Missy, is your name \u8216\'91trouble\u8217\'92\u8221\'94?}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She seemed unaware of the label she wore. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Melleville\u8221\'94, she said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello Melleville, case solved. That\u8217\'92ll be \u64257\'3Fve hundred dollars.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have any money.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh shit, did I leave the \u8216\'91works for free\u8217\'92 sign on the door again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Out! No freebies, even for dames.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But, I\u8217\'92m in trouble!\u8221\'94 she starts crying, turning around quickly.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mean you are trou-\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Just as quickly as she came into my life, she was gone. Sobbing and slamming the door as her perfume brushed through my nostrils. Strawberries, wafting around like an insult. I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been doing this too long, 20 years ago I would\u8217\'92ve chased her down and gave her some comfort, coffee, a place on my couch. Instead, I do nothing.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 RING RING RING}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Picking up the receiver while relighting my cigarette. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hello!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A raspy and unfamiliar voice replies \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Johnny needs a cracker.\u8221\'94 CLICK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I hate this fucking town.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s still raining the next morning as I struggle off the beaten up old couch. Another night getting too drunk, I shamble over to the rusted liquor cabinet and pop the lid off my vat of Vitamin C. Another pill another day. That\u8217\'92s when I notice the envelope on the \u64258\'3Foor. She must\u8217\'92ve dropped it last night in her hurry. Fuck, I\u8217\'92m going to have to open it.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bending over slowly, my bloated gut playing keep away with the floor, I grab the envelope and toss it on my desk. Donuts first, then casework. Like any morning it starts out with a dull ache. I need them, I know it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll get worse later, but the needing starts now. I hurry out the door, swinging my raincoat hastily over my shoulders. Boston creme\u8230\'85I need a Boston creme.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lou\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s got the donut shop open, like usual, has the donut ready for me.  \u8220\'93Sammy, usual eh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I toss a dollar and quarter onto the counter. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lou grins wide \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I stuff it down my throat before my tongue registers the moist goodness. Fine sugary texture brings delight to my being.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you gonna chew at least?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Flarf ofgh\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Swallow then talk man. Jesus.\u8221\'94 Lou takes a paper towel and wipes the saliva and crumbs off the counter. I order five more, eating them a bit slower. Savoring the taste.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seriously, those things will kill you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An hour later I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m halfway down McConnell street, neon lights ablaze even in the early hour. To my left Nutter\u8217\'92s Bar is closing up shop, shooing out drunk patrons like rodents. Passing by with barely a sideways glance I see the first graffiti a block down, it\u8217\'92s been there a few days now, light grey under lines nearly bleeding in with the blackish bricks. A few parakeets decorate the words drawn in light pink pastels.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 johnny styles}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This reminds me of the strange phone call from last night. Sugar coated brain makes the connection faster now.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Johnny needs a cracker.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Damn, why the fuck does he need a cracker? I keep walking when I notice something much worse than the graffiti. A pair of legs bent over the trash bin about ten feet away from the lame words. Crossing over the puddles on the street I get a closer look. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s my dame alright.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Ms\u8230\'85Melon? You awake darling?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A rat scuttles away in response. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey Lady?\u8221\'94 I feel the panic welling up in my throat with some donut bits.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oh shit, her nylons weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t ripped like that last night. Oh shit. Oh shit. Oh shit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Five hours, thirteen cups of coffee and a bruised brain later I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92m finally back in the office. The Po\u8217\'92s don\u8217\'92t get much from me \u8217\'92cause I don\u8217\'92t know much. Add to that I\u8217\'92ve helped more than a few of them on cases and I\u8217\'92m golden. It isn\u8217\'92t until I get back that I remember the envelope, sitting there like an accusation on my desk. I unscrew a newly purchased bottle of Jack and take a long swig. Pop open the mini fridge, pull out last weeks Chinese and fall into the squeaker chair.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The chair complains as I lean over and grab Trouble\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s envelope. Slice it open with the rusty pen knife I keep on my desk and watch two notes immediately fall out. Both notes folded into triangles.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help\u8221\'94 is written in perfect girl handwriting on the first. Well that\u8217\'92s a little on the nose. The second note is empty. It isn\u8217\'92t until the Jacks half empty that I notice the cracker crumbs all over my desk.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}